Issue#832 (#868)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/search-the-audit-log-in-security-and-compliance.md

  
- To get information about what cmdlet was run, which parameters and parameter values were used, and what objects were affected, you can export the search results by selecting the **Download all results** option. For more information, see [Export, configure, and view audit log records](export-view-audit-log-records.md). 
    

> - You can also view events in the Exchange admin audit log by using the Exchange admin center. For instructions, see [View the administrator audit log](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn342832%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also view events in the Exchange admin audit log by using the Exchange admin center. For more information, see [View the administrator audit log](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn342832%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> >  To search and track the use of exchange online administrator privilegies use the Cmdlet *Search-AdminAuditLog* over the *Search-UnifiedAuditLog*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  To search and track the use of exchange online administrator privileges, use the Cmdlet *Search-AdminAuditLog* over the *Search-UnifiedAuditLog*.
```
